For these assignments we wish that we would have used our current implementation of the model with its interpretation of possible inputs earlier. We initially had different types of moves rather than one move that could change all the possible values for the animation. We wish that we originally had this design as it would have made the initial assignment easier and designing the view more straightforward. Additionally, it would have been beneficial for us to create multiple controllers for the different views that we had. Since our textual and SVG views did not require any controllers we decided not to make one for the visual view as well. This meant that there was a strong coupling between the model and the view which is not the best design. Although it worked well for the visual view, we had to make multiple changes to the visual view to make it function correctly and could be used effectively as a delegator in the interactive view. One lesson that we learned from getting code from a provider and having to use their implementations in conjunction with ours was that even though code implementations of a similar task may be different by using good design and adding modifications to our code we could easily adapt someone else’s code to work with our code. We found it really interesting that we didn’t really have to worry about the actual implementation of the view that the providers gave us, and because we could almost ignore how their timers and other implementation details, it made this assignment much easier than expected. We also learned that it wasn’t really necessary to actually review every single class that the providers supplied us and that getting the general idea of some of them was enough to adapt them to our code.
        The experience with our providers was very smooth. They provided us with the code that was necessary to complete the assignment with their first email. Because the provided code was enough to actually complete the assignment we didn’t really require much more communication with the providers. In addition, our providers were very professional and even checked in on us near the end of the assignment if we needed any other information from them.